README.md, before:

[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/87b8f7eb41b26501a38a/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/cse110-sp23-group1/Origami-Fortune-Teller/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/87b8f7eb41b26501a38a/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/cse110-sp23-group1/Origami-Fortune-Teller/test_coverage)
# Origami-Fortune-Teller

The [Origami-Fortune-Teller](https://cse110-sp23-group1.github.io/Origami-Fortune-Teller/) is a website designed to replicate the experience of the classic origami fortune teller game in a digital format. Users can interact with the website by inputting their desired fortunes into an input field. When the user clicks on the digital paper origami the app generates a random fortune based on the user's input. 

The website features a user-friendly interface that emulates the folding process of an origami fortune teller making it visually appealing to enhance the user experience. The technologies used consist of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, making it compatible with modern web browsers. 

The main goal of this project is to provide an entertaining and interactive way for users to receive random fortunes. Whether used for fun or as a digital substitute for the traditional paper fortune teller, the Origami Fortune Teller App offers a nostalgic experience with a modern twist.

## How to use

<br>

### JSDocs Integration

JSDocs is implemented via GitHub Actions, where [JSDoc Action](https://github.com/andstor/jsdoc-action) is used to build and [GitHub Pages Deploy Action](https://github.com/JamesIves/github-pages-deploy-action) is used to deploy. Every time the `main` branch gets pushed, a GitHub pages webpage is automatically created. The contents of the webpage is deployed on another branch called `gh-pages-docs`, which is created by the workflow `jsdocs.yml`. By doing this, we can deploy a GitHub Pages webpage on the `gh-pages-docs` branch.


## Contributing

To contribute, see our [contributor guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

Update README.md to put JSDocs webpage link

README.md, after:

[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/87b8f7eb41b26501a38a/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/cse110-sp23-group1/Origami-Fortune-Teller/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/87b8f7eb41b26501a38a/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/cse110-sp23-group1/Origami-Fortune-Teller/test_coverage)
# Origami-Fortune-Teller

The [Origami-Fortune-Teller](https://cse110-sp23-group1.github.io/Origami-Fortune-Teller/) is a website designed to replicate the experience of the classic origami fortune teller game in a digital format. Users can interact with the website by inputting their desired fortunes into an input field. When the user clicks on the digital paper origami the app generates a random fortune based on the user's input. 

The website features a user-friendly interface that emulates the folding process of an origami fortune teller making it visually appealing to enhance the user experience. The technologies used consist of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, making it compatible with modern web browsers. 

The main goal of this project is to provide an entertaining and interactive way for users to receive random fortunes. Whether used for fun or as a digital substitute for the traditional paper fortune teller, the Origami Fortune Teller App offers a nostalgic experience with a modern twist.

## How to use

<br>

### JSDocs Integration

JSDocs is implemented via GitHub Actions, where [JSDoc Action](https://github.com/andstor/jsdoc-action) is used to build and [GitHub Pages Deploy Action](https://github.com/JamesIves/github-pages-deploy-action) is used to deploy. Every time the `main` branch gets pushed, a GitHub pages webpage is automatically created. The contents of the webpage is deployed on another repository, where we can host a GitHub Pages webpage to show our documentation. 

Here is our [JSDocs webpage](https://cse110-sp23-group1.github.io/origami-jsdocs/)


## Contributing

To contribute, see our [contributor guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).
